welcome to the man of recaps this is the
bachelor finale part 1 it's the live
bachelor finale as we're down to the
last two girls Anna Anne and Madison
they both get to meet Peters family
though Webber's Peters constantly talked
about how family is the most important
thing in the world for him so he's real
excited to get their input on his
potential fiance's first up is Hannah
Anne who is honestly a fantastic catch
superhot really nice never causes drama
loves Peter
she has great talks with mom and pop and
the family loves her but then it's
Madison's turn and before they even go
in she and Peter have to have a talk
she's been having a hard time getting
over the fact that he slept with the
other women during the fantasy suite
week so she and Peter have a long talk
where he's like hey I really love you I
want us to be able to get past this and
she's like okay I really love you too I
mean let's keep trying so Madison meets
the parents too but they can tell things
are awkward in the end they're like hey
Pete maybe you shouldn't fight so hard
for this girl you guys really aren't
that compatible in fact they're so
strongly on Team Hannah and this is
where Peters mom has her famous crime
scene to go so his family's main concern
is they don't want him to have to change
himself for the girl he wants to be with
this is tough for Peter to hear though
he loves Hannah Ann yes but he always
loved Madison a little bit more he has
to sit on a rock for a while and think
about it the next day they each have
their final one-on-one date Madison's up
first they go helicoptering around my
favorite natural wonder uluru it's a
really cool date but Madison's heart is
not in it she and Peter have another
long talk where she's finally realized
she's ready to call it quits
she's like Peter I love you but does
love really conquer all or should we
look at the fact that we are not
actually that compatible in the real
world Peter does not want to hear this
he wants to fight for their love but
she's committed to it and Madison walks
off the show Peter is devastated
Papa Chris Harrison has to come and try
to cheer him up now Hannah ends the last
girl left but she doesn't just win by
default it's not survivor he still has
to choose to propose to her and he very
well might not they go on their final
date to a kangaroo sanctuary and oh my
god they're so cute
Hannah and Peter talk she puts it all
out there
love you Peter I really want you to pick
me and we can have a life together
but Peters holding back his heart still
broken and he doesn't tell her Madison's
left the show but she can tell
something's wrong
that night Hannah Ann's going all out
for their evening date lighting candles
and putting on her sexiest dress Peter
shows up in a sweatshirt classic guy and
Anne was hoping for a wonderful romantic
night together where she could really
feel comfortable that he wants to pick
her tomorrow but instead Peters clearly
sad and just talks about how his heart
is being torn in two right now not what
she wants to hear so that's all for this
episode part two of the finale is
Tuesday night
Chris Harrison teases us that however we
think this is gonna go down we are wrong
it it's more surprising than we could
possibly imagine
I guess we'll find out on the finale of
The Bachelor hit that subscribe button
for more of the best recaps of TV and
movies and click the join button to
support the channel and be a recap
Champy's